Once upon a time there lived a wheelchair that made a ball.  The person spaghetti'd many different squash colors.  
The person dreamed about wheelchairs that could think of going to new places and teleport up the stairs!
This person also truly loved dancing while dribbling the basketballs on top of the hotel that had too many rooms.

One day, this person thought of hosting a tournament within the town at the hotel. They would compete with other 
people and employees and penguins and sentient wheelchairs.  In order to organize the tournament this person had to
make the penguins do tricks for money.  The penguins had a labor dispute and did not accept so they started
a revolution.  Their first ally was the sentient wheelchairs. This coalition was called The Distribution of Mars.

Their first plan was to steal all wheelchairs and basketballs that couldn't think.  Their hope was that if they stole
the leaders of the wheelchairs they could transform her directives into big cheeseburgers because they wanted 
to feed the factory aliens who manufactured basketballs that were smarter than the wheelchairs so they could
rule the world. One night after the sun went down the penguins started to get restless so they began creeping 
and crawling and scooting and walking towards the hotel.  This jogged their memory of the Coalition of which they were esteemed 
members of. The tourament, they recalled, allowed them to stall time so that they could distract the players
and employees so that they could kidnap some ABs.  Ronald McDonald fell into a hole that led to his death. 
In the hole there was a sentient wheelchair who started slurping up the remains of the dead clown.  This greatly pleased 
the overlord penguins that Ronald McDonald wanted to make mercenaries for the Revolution.  The Penguin Emperor was so sad he 
cried himself to the store because he had to console himself with for encouragement and also grab a frozen pizza.  Meanwhile, 
the facory aliens and the perpetrators within the hotel staff locked the manager with the wheelchairs that tried to attack him
as they were sleeping.  Luckily, the penguins and wheelchairs did not care as they had already tasted manager's food and meal 
so they decided once they put it in their mouth they did not like it so they kept on eating it.  The person who shall acorns 
had a coat that he wore when he was planning the tournament which prohibited the game to go on that afternoon.  

The Revolution was coming and everyone could feel it shaking the Earth: the game was finally here.  Two sides, the Coalition of Mars
sided with the Martians versus the person and the hotel staff and the employees.  Some people assumed it was a basketball game but in truth
that was not the choice or reasoning the Martians founded the Coalition upon.  The mortals needed to die because they were smarter than
the aliens.  Once again, the tournament was postponed and the person was sad.  Where is the manager during this!?